Implement a gRPC event trigger to publish events to NATS (#377)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: triggers/run-completion-event-trigger/README.md

Reviewer: Re: Directory structure

I think we should follow the [golang standard](https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout?tab=readme-ov-file#go-directories) directory structure, so we'd get something like this:

```
Dockerfile
Makefile
README.md
docker-compose.yaml
cmd/
  main.go
  config.go
  config_unit_test.go
  config.yaml
internal/
  converters.go
  converters_unit_test.go
  publisher_handler.go
  server.go
  server_unit_test.go
  server_functional_test.go
proto/
  run_completion_event_trigger.proto
  run_completion_event_trigger.pb.go
  run_completion_event_trigger_grpc.pb.go
```

We could have sub-packages under `internal`, e.g. `converters` and `server` if you want, but the above is roughly how I'd picture the structure.

Reviewer: We'll at some point need to follow this directory structure for the operator itself (according to the [kubebuilder docs](https://book.kubebuilder.io/migration/manually_migration_guide_gov3_to_gov4.html?highlight=internal#migration-from-project-config-version-gov3-to-gov4) for migrating from v3 (our current version) to v4).

# Run Completion Event Trigger gRPC service

## About:
This adds a grpc service intended to pass run completion events to a nats service. This is generally used only by the
events webhook built into the controller manager. 

## Configuration:

> Configuration files `config.yaml` must be located in the same location the user is calling the binary from ie `$pwd` / `.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration files `config.yaml` must be located in the same location the user is calling the binary from, i.e. `$pwd/.`.
```

> Alternatively a config.yml can be located at `/etc/run-completion-event-trigger/config.yaml` to be accessed when the binary is called

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively a `config.yaml` can be located at `/etc/run-completion-event-trigger/config.yaml` to be accessed when the binary is called
```

> ## About:
> This adds a grpc service intended to pass run completion events to a nats service. This is generally used only by the
> events webhook built into the controller manager. 
> 
> ## Configuration:
> Configuration files `config.yaml` must be located in the same location the user is calling the binary from, i.e. `$pwd/.`.
> Alternatively a `config.yaml` can be located at `/etc/run-completion-event-trigger/config.yaml` to be accessed when the binary is called
> from anywhere in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About

This is a gRPC service that publishes [run completion events](https://sky-uk.github.io/kfp-operator/docs/reference/run-completion/) to a NATS service. This is currently used only by the
events webhook built into the controller manager.

## Configuration

The service can be configured by creating a file called `config.yaml`, which can be located either in the same directory the binary is executed from (i.e. `$pwd/.`) or `/etc/run-completion-event-trigger/config.yaml`, in which case the binary can be executed from anywhere in the system.

You can see the default configuration in [config/config.yaml](https://github.com/sky-uk/kfp-operator/blob/39409a00cf9ce3358f16a9ed636db6195cf26b78/triggers/run-completion-event-trigger/config/config.yaml).
```
